hey how's it going guys this is Dave
Judy so school is just around the corner
and people are looking for some
inexpensive laptop options so I thought
I'd go through a list of some devices
that I think are some of the better
valued options in this space right now
so first up is the Acer R 11 Chromebook
it's the cheapest device in this video
so if you just need something portable
that will get you through the school
year this might do it it only runs
Chrome if you need to run a particular
Windows application for a course or
something it's not going to work but if
you're just looking for email word
processing spreadsheets or media
consumption Chromebooks can be great
there are some cheap Windows laptops out
there like the HP stream but at this
price point
I prefer Chromebooks for just overall
usability and performance the r11 has a
good keyboard and trackpad a good
performance a fully rotating hinge and
touch screen so it can be used as a
tablet and it has a seven hour battery
there's no keyboard backlighting and
keep in mind that it is an 11.6 inch
screen so it's a little small but
overall it's a pretty good device for
the money next up is the Dell Chromebook
13 functionally it's the same idea as
the ACR 11 it is a Chromebook so it's
focused on productivity and media
consumption again but this one costs
$100 more and for the extra money you
get a really nice 13 inch screen
excellent build quality it has the same
carbon fiber finish as the XPS systems
the backlit keyboard and the trackpad
are surprisingly good but this time
there's no rotating hinge and no
touchscreen so there's no tablet mode
but it has a crazy long battery life you
can comfortably hit 10 hours of regular
use one thing to keep in mind for either
these Chromebooks
if you want to store a lot of files
locally pick up a microSD card because
the internal storage is pretty small
ok the next device I want to talk about
is the Acer
a 15 it's a full-blown Windows laptop
and I think it's the best device on this
list for someone who wants a cheap
gaming laptop so this thing has a
skylight guy 5 + SSD a gtx 950 m for
$600 there is a cheaper model at $500
but that one is running the noticeably
slower 940m and
got a slower harddrive I try to get this
one it's just a better value overall it
also has lots of ports even a USB see a
decent keyboard and trackpad but there
are a couple things I don't love about
it the screen isn't super bright and it
has limited viewing angles and the
battery life is pretty short you'll get
around three hours of regular use
but for $600 you're getting very good
performance so if you're on a tighter
budget and you want to play games or
edit videos check out the e15 if you're
looking for a lightweight ultra portable
the lenovo 710 s is a really good option
it's thin and light with good
performance it's not as good as an XPS
13 because the drive is slower but it's
a more affordable option without
sacrificing too much on performance the
build quality is good not amazing but
the screen has thin bezels a thin and
light performance is something you
really want you should check that one
out there's also the asus ux305 ports
and a nice screen this one has no fan
because it's running the core em so it's
silent and it gets you six and a half
hours of battery life but the most
important feature of this thing is the
rotating hinge it adds some extra
functionality and because it's a
relatively light device it's
surprisingly comfortable to use as a
tablet the Dell Inspiron 7:59 is also a
good laptop for students it's $800
though so quite a bit more expensive
than the a sorry 15 I mentioned earlier
but for the extra money you're getting
better performance better build quality
and much better battery life you'll get
around five or six hours of regular use
if you want to learn more about the 759
or any of the devices that I've listed
in this video check the video
description below I've done reviews for
most of them so I'll post them there I
do want to mention a few things about
some other devices okay the surface pro
4 it's a really nice 2 in 1 but it's
expensive so if you're a college or a
grad student and your budget is a little
higher go for it I still think it's one
of the best all-around devices it's just
pricey and probably overkill for a lot
of students there's also the cheaper
surface 3
it has a ten inch screen and the
kickstand has set positions so you might
be able to make it work but in general
it's tough to use a device with a
10-inch screen as your daily driver in
school and then there is the razor blade
stealth you can try to con your parents
into getting you one for school it's not
a bad option for what you're getting
it's actually a pretty good value but
remember it's an ultrabook
without a dedicated graphics chip so it
can't really play games without the
razor core and that's it I hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs if you liked
it
subs if you loved it it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time